guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-capsule-default-certificate.adoc, before:

[id="configuring-capsule-default-certificate_{context}"]
= Configuring {SmartProxyServer} with a default SSL certificate

Use this section to configure {SmartProxyServer} with an SSL certificate that is signed by {ProjectServer} default Certificate Authority (CA).

.Prerequisites

ifndef::foreman-deb[]
* {SmartProxyServer} is registered to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Registering_Proxy_to_Server_{smart-proxy-context}[].
endif::[]
* {SmartProxyServer} packages are installed.
For more information, see xref:Installing_Proxy_Packages_{smart-proxy-context}[].

.Procedure

. On {ProjectServer}, to store all the source certificate files for your {SmartProxyServer}, create a directory that is accessible only to the `root` user, for example `/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert`:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# mkdir /root/_{smart-proxy-context}_cert_
----

. On {ProjectServer}, generate the `/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar` certificate archive for your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {certs-generate} \
--foreman-proxy-fqdn _{smartproxy-example-com}_ \
--certs-tar /root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----
+
Retain a copy of the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns for deploying the certificate to your {SmartProxyServer}.
+
.Example output of `{certs-generate}`
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes""]
----
_output omitted_
{installer-scenario-smartproxy} \
--certs-tar-file "/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar" \
--foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman "true" \
--foreman-proxy-foreman-base-url "https://_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{smartproxy-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-key "_s97QxvUAgFNAQZNGg4F9zLq2biDsxM7f_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-secret "_6bpzAdMpRAfYaVZtaepYetomgBVQ6ehY_"
----

. On {ProjectServer}, copy the certificate archive file to your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# scp /root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
root@_{smartproxy-example-com}_:/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----

. On {SmartProxyServer}, to deploy the certificate, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns.
+
When network connections or ports to {Project} are not yet open, you can set the `--foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman` option to `false` to prevent {SmartProxy} from attempting to connect to {Project} and reporting errors.
Run the installer again with this option set to `true` when the network and firewalls are correctly configured.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
It is required, for example, when upgrading {SmartProxyServer}.
====

Commit message:

Drop mentions ofr --foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman
By removing mentions of this, it becomes an unsupported feature. This is
good because various parts of the documentation assume it's turned on.
Users can easily get into unexpected errors way further down the line if
they disable this feature.

Where there were explicit instructions to disable it, the text is
changed into troubleshooting.

guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-capsule-default-certificate.adoc, after:

[id="configuring-capsule-default-certificate_{context}"]
= Configuring {SmartProxyServer} with a default SSL certificate

Use this section to configure {SmartProxyServer} with an SSL certificate that is signed by {ProjectServer} default Certificate Authority (CA).

.Prerequisites

ifndef::foreman-deb[]
* {SmartProxyServer} is registered to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Registering_Proxy_to_Server_{smart-proxy-context}[].
endif::[]
* {SmartProxyServer} packages are installed.
For more information, see xref:Installing_Proxy_Packages_{smart-proxy-context}[].

.Procedure

. On {ProjectServer}, to store all the source certificate files for your {SmartProxyServer}, create a directory that is accessible only to the `root` user, for example `/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert`:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# mkdir /root/_{smart-proxy-context}_cert_
----

. On {ProjectServer}, generate the `/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar` certificate archive for your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {certs-generate} \
--foreman-proxy-fqdn _{smartproxy-example-com}_ \
--certs-tar /root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----
+
Retain a copy of the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns for deploying the certificate to your {SmartProxyServer}.
+
.Example output of `{certs-generate}`
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes""]
----
_output omitted_
{installer-scenario-smartproxy} \
--certs-tar-file "/root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar" \
--foreman-proxy-foreman-base-url "https://_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{smartproxy-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-key "_s97QxvUAgFNAQZNGg4F9zLq2biDsxM7f_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-secret "_6bpzAdMpRAfYaVZtaepYetomgBVQ6ehY_"
----

. On {ProjectServer}, copy the certificate archive file to your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# scp /root/{smart-proxy-context}_cert/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
root@_{smartproxy-example-com}_:/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----

. On {SmartProxyServer}, to deploy the certificate, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns.
+
When network connections or ports to {Project} are not yet open, registration of the {SmartProxy} will fail.
Correctly configure the network and firewalls before rerunning the installer.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
It is required, for example, when upgrading {SmartProxyServer}.
====
