guides/common/modules/proc_deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-smart-proxy-server.adoc, before:

[id="deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{context}"]
= Deploying a custom SSL certificate to {SmartProxyServer}

Use this procedure to configure your {SmartProxyServer} with a custom SSL certificate signed by a Certificate Authority.
The `{foreman-installer}` command, which the `{certs-generate}` command returns, is unique to each {SmartProxyServer}.
Do not use the same command on more than one {SmartProxyServer}.

.Prerequisites
* {ProjectServer} is configured with a custom certificate.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_Server_with_a_Custom_SSL_Certificate[Configuring {ProjectServer} with a Custom SSL Certificate] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.
* {SmartProxyServer} is registered to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Registering_Proxy_to_Server_{smart-proxy-context}[].
* {SmartProxyServer} packages are installed.
For more information, see xref:Installing_Proxy_Packages_{smart-proxy-context}[].

.Procedure
. On your {ProjectServer}, generate a certificate bundle:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {certs-generate} \
--foreman-proxy-fqdn _{smartproxy-example-com}_ \
--certs-tar ~/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
--server-cert /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/{smart-proxy-context}_cert.pem__ \ <1>
--server-key /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/{smart-proxy-context}_cert_key.pem__ \ <2>
--server-ca-cert /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/ca_cert_bundle.pem__ <3>
----
+
<1> Path to {SmartProxyServer} certificate file that is signed by a Certificate Authority.
<2> Path to the private key that was used to sign {SmartProxyServer} certificate.
<3> Path to the Certificate Authority bundle.
+
. Retain a copy of the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns for deploying the certificate to your {SmartProxyServer}.
+
.Example output of `{certs-generate}`
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
_output omitted_
{installer-scenario-smartproxy} \
--certs-tar-file "/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar" \
--foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman "true" \
--foreman-proxy-foreman-base-url "https://_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{smartproxy-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-key "_My_OAuth_Consumer_Key_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-secret "_My_OAuth_Consumer_Secret_"
----
. On your {ProjectServer}, copy the certificate archive file to your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# scp ~/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
root@_{smartproxy-example-com}_:/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----
. On your {SmartProxyServer}, to deploy the certificate, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns.
+
If network connections or ports to {Project} are not yet open, you can set the `--foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman` option to `false` to prevent {SmartProxy} from attempting to connect to {Project} and reporting errors.
Run the installer again with this option set to `true` when the network and firewalls are correctly configured.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
It is required, for example, when upgrading {SmartProxyServer}.
====

Commit message:

Drop mentions ofr --foreman-proxy-register-in-foreman
By removing mentions of this, it becomes an unsupported feature. This is
good because various parts of the documentation assume it's turned on.
Users can easily get into unexpected errors way further down the line if
they disable this feature.

Where there were explicit instructions to disable it, the text is
changed into troubleshooting.

guides/common/modules/proc_deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-smart-proxy-server.adoc, after:

[id="deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-{smart-proxy-context}-server_{context}"]
= Deploying a custom SSL certificate to {SmartProxyServer}

Use this procedure to configure your {SmartProxyServer} with a custom SSL certificate signed by a Certificate Authority.
The `{foreman-installer}` command, which the `{certs-generate}` command returns, is unique to each {SmartProxyServer}.
Do not use the same command on more than one {SmartProxyServer}.

.Prerequisites
* {ProjectServer} is configured with a custom certificate.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_Server_with_a_Custom_SSL_Certificate[Configuring {ProjectServer} with a Custom SSL Certificate] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.
* {SmartProxyServer} is registered to {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see xref:Registering_Proxy_to_Server_{smart-proxy-context}[].
* {SmartProxyServer} packages are installed.
For more information, see xref:Installing_Proxy_Packages_{smart-proxy-context}[].

.Procedure
. On your {ProjectServer}, generate a certificate bundle:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {certs-generate} \
--foreman-proxy-fqdn _{smartproxy-example-com}_ \
--certs-tar ~/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
--server-cert /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/{smart-proxy-context}_cert.pem__ \ <1>
--server-key /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/{smart-proxy-context}_cert_key.pem__ \ <2>
--server-ca-cert /root/__{smart-proxy-context}_cert/ca_cert_bundle.pem__ <3>
----
+
<1> Path to {SmartProxyServer} certificate file that is signed by a Certificate Authority.
<2> Path to the private key that was used to sign {SmartProxyServer} certificate.
<3> Path to the Certificate Authority bundle.
+
. Retain a copy of the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns for deploying the certificate to your {SmartProxyServer}.
+
.Example output of `{certs-generate}`
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
_output omitted_
{installer-scenario-smartproxy} \
--certs-tar-file "/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar" \
--foreman-proxy-foreman-base-url "https://_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{foreman-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-trusted-hosts "_{smartproxy-example-com}_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-key "_My_OAuth_Consumer_Key_" \
--foreman-proxy-oauth-consumer-secret "_My_OAuth_Consumer_Secret_"
----
. On your {ProjectServer}, copy the certificate archive file to your {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# scp ~/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar \
root@_{smartproxy-example-com}_:/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_-certs.tar
----
. On your {SmartProxyServer}, to deploy the certificate, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that the `{certs-generate}` command returns.
+
When network connections or ports to {Project} are not yet open, registration of the {SmartProxy} will fail.
Correctly configure the network and firewalls before rerunning the installer.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
It is required, for example, when upgrading {SmartProxyServer}.
====
